[RELIGIOUS RADIO HOST A] When
the ark fell from the sky all
those years ago, we sinners were
cast upon this desolate land.
Now, brothers and
sisters in faith,
join me in prayer as we
ask God to send His angel
of salvation our way.
Praise the angel.
Honor the angel.
Become the angel's
eyes in this world.
May the lord bless you,
oh, faithful ones.
[ROLLO coughs]
[ROLLO] Dear God, please let
the wind blow soon.
If it doesn't, then I...
[RELIGIOUS RADIO HOST A] When
the two angels descend upon us,
a bridge of light
will cross the sky.
That's when we sinners
shall be redeemed,
and the lord will lead
us into His kingdom.
[MERYL grunts]
I'm melting.
Good grief. That's enough
doomsday talk for me now.
[ROBERTO]
Amen.
[grunts]
What was that station anyway?
[grunts] Standard
religious dreck, newbie.
The Church of Plant
Worshippers pumps out
that kind of propaganda.
As far as wack job sects go,
they're fairly up and coming.
[ROBERTO] I hear they've got
a headquarters in JuLai.
[groans]
Agh! I'm dying!
If I get heat stroke,
I'm blaming you.
[ROBERTO] Long before your time,
the desert didn't look this way.
The sand was the same
color as anywhere else.
[MERYL]
Huh?
Until out of the shadows,
it appeared!
Nobody had a damn clue
where it came from or why.
Was it man, or was it beast?
There isn't a soul
who could tell you.
Because anyone who laid
eyes on the thing...
...no longer lives
to tell the tale!
The monster massacred
every last one of them!
[chuckles nervously]
[ROBERTO] Overnight, the blood
of its victims spilled
over the desert, staining the
sand that deep crimson color
you see today.
Eh? You still hot after
my chilling story?
Hot, and very annoyed.
[MERYL gasps]
[ROBERTO yelps]
[ROBERTO grunts] Are you
trying to kill us, newbie?
Over there.
Gonna kill me?
Ack! He's a goner.
[WOLFWOOD] Looks like Wormy took
a fist straight to the skull.
Fist?
Do you think that it
got got by Knives's crew?
It might have been that monster
I told you about earlier.
[MERYL grunts] You're just
hilarious, aren't you?
The thing has been
dead for a while.
So, even if it was Knives,
our man's long gone now.
Right, Needle?
What's wrong?
Hey!
[MERYL, ROBERTO]
Hm?
[RELIGIOUS RADIO HOST A] Now,
brothers and sisters in faith,
join me in prayer as
we ask God to send his
angel of salvation our way.
[gasps]
Hey, Mama?
When kids get sacrificed,
why does God have to eat them?
[ROLLO'S MOTHER]
To bring blessings, dear.
Yeah, but, are those
blessing worth dying for?
[ROLLO'S MOTHER]
Death is not the end.
It's the beginning.
Heaven is a wonderful place,
and dying gets us there.
[ROBERTO] Doesn't look
like anyone's lived here
in a long time.
[MERYL]
Yeah, so quiet it's creepy.
Interesting. This town's
rolling without a plant.
Some Nebraska-type got it, huh?
Nah, just look.
I don't think these folks
needed a plant for power.
[MERYL gasps]
A windmill?
Not mill-ing.
There ain't any wind, genius.
[WOLFWOOD] So, what happens
if there's never any wind?
[MERYL] A prolonged
power outage, I suppose.
[WOLFWOOD]
Huh? Stupid plan, if you ask me.
Stupid? That's the way
wind power has always worked.
[WOLFWOOD]
Stupid way.
[grunts]
[VASH gasps]
--[MERYL] You okay?
--[VASH] Get back!
[ROBERTO] When you hear
gunshots, don't jump into them!
[MERYL]
Oopsie.
[grunts]
[MONEV grunts]
[MONEV]
Vash the Stampede!
Moron! Get up and do something!
[VASH grunts]
Yeah.
Oh, great. The big
fella knows Vash.
How?
[MONEV]
Vash! Vash...
...The Stampede!
[WOLFWOOD, VASH gasp]
[MERYL]
What now?
Hurry and get inside!
He's after me, not you!
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
Persistent, isn't he?
[MONEV]
Vash the--
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
[VASH gasps]
No!
[growls]
[grunts]
[VASH gasps]
[MONEV grunts]
[MONEV]
Vash.
Vash. Vash the Stampede.
[ROLLO grunts]
[WOMAN A] So, have you
spoken to Rollo yet?
[ROLLO'S MOTHER] I can't.
It hurts to even think about.
[WOMAN B]
I understand that feeling,
but it's something we
all had to conquer.
[WOMAN C] He was born
on a windless day,
and now he's finally
getting his blessing!
[WOMAN A]
It's truly a wonderful thing.
[ROLLO'S MOTHER]
Right.
When he gets home,
I'll tell him everything.
It's great honor to be chosen
as a sacrifice, after all.
[WOMAN B] Absolutely,
he should be thrilled!
[WOMAN C]
You'll do a fine job!
[gasps]
[MONEV]
Vash the Stampede!
[grunts]
[gasps]
[VASH grunts]
Please be alive.
[groans]
What a relief.
Glad you're okay.
[MONEV]
Vash the Stampede!
Hey, blondie! Wanna live?
Get outta here, now!
[VASH]
Uh, yeah!
[grunts]
Hey, so, uh...
What?
Vash and Wolfwood, do you
think that they're okay?
Yes? No? Don't piss
yourself over it, newbie.
There isn't a damn thing
that either of us can do
to help them now.
[MERYL sighs]
[MONEV]
Vash the Stampede.
[WOLFWOOD sighs]
You're a dumbass, you know.
This do-gooder
crap's killing me.
[VASH sighs] Sorry. I was
scared that ended the big guy.
Funny, I was hoping
that it ended you.
[VASH laughs]
You don't pull punches, do ya?
[WOLFWOOD sighs]
Well?
[VASH gasps]
Stop playing dumb.
This village, it isn't
your first visit, huh?
The hell happened here?
[gasps]
I don't know very much.
Only...
[ROLLO pants]
[whimpers]
[VASH]
You okay, little man?
[VASH chuckles]
Maybe you can help me out.
I'm looking for Rollo.
[gasps]
[VASH] Your mom asked me to come
out here and track you down.
You ran away from home?
[ROLLO]
Not really. It's not like that.
Hey, Mister? You're that
"Vash the Stampede," aren't you?
[VASH] Huh? You know
about little old me?
Well, yeah. You're super famous.
You're the real-life
Humanoid Typhoon.
Everybody knows you.
[VASH] Everybody, huh?
Well, that's news to me.
[ROLLO]
I heard something else, too.
You're a walking disaster,
a demon who wreaks havoc
wherever he goes.
[VASH chuckling]
Huh?
[ROLLO coughs]
Yeah. I'm not doing good.
I'm gonna die before I
get to grow up, they say.
[ROLLO] Maybe the reason God
hasn't saved me is because
I can't bring myself
to believe in him.
[VASH grunts]
If the wind doesn't come back,
they'll all die, too.
No plant to rely on.
That's rough, huh?
Exactly. That's why I'm next.
Mama. She's worried about me?
[VASH]
Yeah, Rollo. She needs you.
If you ever need someone,
remember me!
I'll be right there!
If God won't, I will!
I swear I'll save you!
By the time I got back
here with some medicine,
there was nothing
I could do.
--The little guy was--
--[WOLFWOOD] Got it.
You talked one hell of a game,
but couldn't deliver.
No way you could've saved
him from a fate like that.
[MONEV growls]
[WOLFWOOD]
Ready for round two?
[MONEV growling]
[RELIGIOUS RADIO HOST A]
For those who believe,
death is not the end.
In death we shall be rewarded
with love and salvation.
[RELIGIOUS RADIO HOST A]
Rejoice in death. Praise death.
May the lord bless you,
oh, faithful ones.
[ROLLO]
Who are you?
[ELENDIRA giggles]
I'm real confused.
Are you God, mister?
A fair question.
The one you call
God can't join us.
I'm afraid he had to step out.
[ROLLO gasps]
Let go! Please!
[ROLLO grunting]
[ROLLO] That girl,
is she a sacrifice, too?
Referring to me?
Oh, no, child.
I am an angel.
Using this drug,
we'll rebuild your body
at the cellular level.
It'll also work to accelerate
your metabolism.
[ROLLO gasps]
[CONRAD]
If your body can tolerate it,
the drug should cure
your illness as well.
That said, side effects
are to be expected.
But at the very least, it won't
be your illness that killed you.
[ROLLO yelling]
[ROLLO]
I... don't want to die yet!
Vash, I need you now!
I need you!
[MONEV]
Vash the Stampede!
[gasps]
[WOLFWOOD]
Gotcha!
[MONEV grunts]
Oh, no!
[MONEV]
Vash...
...The Stampede!
[CONRAD] The implant in
his brain will heighten
his emotions.
With this fire underneath him,
we can expect to see accelerated
development in his
physical capabilities.
Nothing stirs the body
and mind like hatred.
It's a poison so deadly
that the Worm's venom
hardly rivals its potency.
He's the first one
of them to reach
the five-year mark alive.
A rare success.
Please. He'll be another
failure soon enough.
[knocking]
[ROLLO'S MOTHER]
Hm? Is someone there?
[ROLLO, MONEV]
Mama? It's me.
[ROLLO'S MOTHER]
Rollo?
[ROLLO, MONEV]
Yes. I'm back, Mama.
[MONEV grunts]
[gasps]
[MONEV]
Hi, Mama. I'm home.
[ROLLO'S MOTHER]
You're a monster.
[MONEV]
No. I'm not. I'm still--
[yells]
Rollo!
[RELIGIOUS RADIO HOST A]
If we remain faithful,
God shall send unto us
the angel of salvation.
[MERYL]
This place is something.
[ROBERTO]
Been this state for a while.
Least 20 years, I'd say... Huh?
[RELIGIOUS RADIO HOST A]
Rejoice in death. Praise death.
Death is not the end.
[MERYL sighs] Huh? What the
heck am I looking at?
You find something?
[MERYL]
Yeah. I'd say so.
That's Vash. It's clear as day.
[ROBERTO]
Hm.
[VASH grunts]
[VASH]
C'mon, Rollo! This isn't you!
[grunting]
It's no use. Look at him.
Not one speck of humanity.
[MONEV yells]
Listen, Rollo!
Hear me!
[growls]
[VASH]
Rollo... I'm sorry.
Years ago...
[grunts]
[VASH
...when you were just a kid...
[VASH] ...I promised I'd
be there to save you.
But I--
[WOLFWOOD grunting]
This is insufferable.
[VASH grunts]
I'm late, and I'm sorry.
I'm here now to keep
my word to you.
Now, you won't have to
be alone ever again.
Quit being a dumbass!
[gasps]
Rollo!
[grunts]
[VASH]
Come on. Wake up.
You have to be okay.
Please, Rollo!
You're fine, little man.
Just wake up.
Please, wake up!
[WOLFWOOD]
That's a corpse, Stampede.
Just let it go.
[VASH gasps]
Why'd you shoot?
Don't play dumb.
Why'd you shoot Rollo?
[WOLFWOOD]
Mercy.
[WOLFWOOD] That monster
was not the kid you knew.
Keeping it alive
would've been torture.
[VASH grunts]
That's not for you to decide.
You think you're
some moral authority?
It was you who did
the poor kid so wrong.
An empty promise is a lie.
That, or a wake-up call
to check your ego.
[grunts]
--[MERYL gasps]
--[ROBERTO] Hm?
[MERYL]
The wind...
Understood. The boy is dead.
[ELENDIRA]
Hm. How terribly convenient.
Now you won't have to dispose
of another failure yourself.
[ZAZIE]
Well, in a way he did.
One of his other
creations did the job.
[ELENDIRA]
Oh, right. Nicholas, correct?
[CONRAD]
No. It was... the Punisher.